d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\WorkerRole1.dll.config
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\WorkerRole1.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\WorkerRole1.pdb
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\MonAgentListener.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1.pdb
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\WorkerRole1.dll.config
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\WorkerRole1.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\WorkerRole1.pdb
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\MonAgentListener.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1.dll
C:\Users\margalda\Source\Repos\thoughts4food\WorkerRole1\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1.pdb
