d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\WebRole1.dll.config
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\WebRole1.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\WebRole1.pdb
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\System.Spatial.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\obj\Debug\WebRole1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\obj\Debug\WebRole1.dll
d:\documents\users\margalda\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\thoughts4food\WebRole1\obj\Debug\WebRole1.pdb
